Changed some doc links to use intersphinx. (#12986)
django/django: docs/howto/windows.txt

you create. There are many options to manage environments and packages within
the Python ecosystem, some of which are recommended in the `Python
documentation <https://packaging.python.org/guides/tool-recommendations/>`_.

> Python itself comes with :mod:`venv` for managing environments which we will
> use for this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python itself comes with :doc:`python:tutorial/venv` for managing environments
which we will use for this guide.
```

Author: I've added this but also overrode the text. Sphinx's default uses the doc's title which is "Virtual Environments and Packages". The override is the original "venv".
